Brother Liu, I kill my opponent
This adult Dragon City master is the tenth
Kill that machine for me
Ah, a finger
No, no, no.
It's him, you help me fuck him
You're such a jerk
He scolds you like that, and you don't do him yet.
Are there any masters who violate them?
Is one row not enough?
Did you know that you beat the masters of Dragon City?
You have offended the people of Dragon City.
When will you end up?
I've never been afraid
Brother is not big brother
I was wrong.
I don't want it, I'm coming, and I don't want to reserve it.
Are you taboo?
My Sao
Announced to participate in the verification with the Lin family
Cancel all business appointments